Create silver-cluster-login-outage.md (#36)
bcgov/platform-services-status: _posts/silver-cluster-login-outage.md

---
layout: post
title: Silver Cluster Login Failures
date: 2021-02-23 14:54:00 +0000
categories: openshift outage
---

# Login Failures into Silver Cluster

Today between approximately 12:45PM and 2:00PM users were not able to authenticate against the Silver cluster.
This was due to a bad config within the SSO realm used for Openshift Authentications. It was quickly found and resolved. There was no impact to other client applications and realms. 

## What was the issue?

> The issue was due to an empty authentication flow execution for `post-broker login` with Github. When the empty authentication flow was removed or properaly configured, the Silver cluster login behaved normally.

Author: ```suggestion
The issue was due to an empty authentication flow execution for `post-broker login` with Github. When the empty authentication flow was removed and or properly configured, the Silver cluster login behaved normally.
```
